In this video, I am going to review the
term insurance of ICC Prudential.
Yes, I personally have a
term plan of Rs. 1 crore. So, what are its pros and
cons? We will compare it
with ADAC, Max, TA and all the
leading brands. Plus,
what things should you keep
in mind while buying a term plan? Because the term plan is
for your entire life. Once you
buy it, it is not like health insurance where you have to
renew it. Or suppose
you get it ported etc. and
go to another company. So, there will be a complete detailed
comparison in this video and in the end,
you can make your proper decision. So,
please watch this video completely
and all the comparisons or
discounted links etc. will be
provided to you in the description box.
First, if I talk about the company, it was
started in 2003. It has been almost
24 years. It is a joint
venture between IIC Bank and Prudential
Corporation, a British MNC
company.  If I talk about AUM size, brother, it has
crossed 2.5 trillion till now
and it is properly listed in the stock market,
this IIC potential and has
given you returns of up to 25% in the last one year,
so let us now compare it properly
with other brands as well, so
for this I am going to use
Policybazaar portal, you
can purchase your term plan from here also, I have
not bought my ICC but it is
dedicated, so you will get an additional
support day there, brother, I am going to
give you a link in the description box,
so first of all, put your name here,
your date of birth, your
mobile number and as soon as you click on view plans, you will
get to see many plans in front of you, so here
I have kept my age as 30, I have
kept it as non-smoker, the income bracket is 8
to ₹ lakh and I want to take a plan of 1 crore till
I reach the age of 60 years, that is, in the
next three 30  If
I want to cover myself for 10 years, then
you can see on the screen that on ICC
Essential, you are getting a premium of ₹11,413 for the
whole year. ADAC Life is a
little expensive at ₹13,500. Max Life is
also almost similar at ₹1123. The
lowest in TA is ₹10,000.
You will get two free bonuses,
one is waiver of premium cover
and one is 100% payout or terminal illness. So, if
you look at the waiver of premium in other plans, it
works as a paid cover, that is,
you have to pay extra money.
Only ICICI provides it for free. For example,
if I want waiver of premium in ADAC, then
I will have to pay ₹6,635
more. So, it is a good thing that
you get both these bonuses for free in ICC product. Waiver
of premium means that  Suppose
you suffer from some disability, then all your
future premiums will be waived
off and you will not have to pay them from your pocket.
Along with this,
another pro point of ICICI Prudential is that
if you look here, you will
see a Zero Cost Term Plan. Yes,
nowadays it is provided by IC, ADAC or Max. But
mostly everyone provides it,
but there are conditions there that you have to
cover up to a particular age.
Like right now, I have covered myself till 60, so
ICC says that if you
cover 65 plus, then
you should remove GST from whatever premium you pay. At the
time of maturity, you will be
given an option that if you want, you can
discontinue your plan
and take back the money. Let me
show you practically. You can see here that
my premium will
increase slightly because I have increased my
coverage till 66 years here,
but I
get this benefit here.
Whatever premium I am paying here, I will have
an option, as you
can see, around 60 to 61, I will have an
option, I think that yes, my
entire family, children etc.
are dependent and I do not need a term plan, so at that
time I can
discontinue my plan and
brother,
you can remove GST from whatever premium I have paid till now
and the company provides the rest of the money back to you
and suppose the same thing,
if you want to take it under HDFC, then
there also you almost have to cross 66 years plus,
brother, in Maxlife this condition is of 70 plus, if I talk about it, then there are
conditions of 80 plus,
in Bajaj also this condition is of 70 plus, so if
you see, in ICC Potential,
only if you are 65 or 65 plus covered, then
you can easily avail the zero cost term plan,
come on brother, now  If we compare proper plans, then
you can also use Policy Bazaar for comparison,
so here I have
Smart Product of ICICI Potential, ADAC
and Max Life, first I will compare these three, first of all
if I talk about claim settlement ratio,
how many claims have been made here in the last financial year, out of that
how many claims have been settled here,
then you can see in front of the screen,
I am showing you the entire claim settlement ratio from 2019-20, so
here
mostly the claim settlement ratio of all the companies remains around 97,
but the
interesting factor in this is that the highest
amount paid here
by any company is basically ICICI Product,
if I talk about SDAC, then
you can see here it is Rs 1390 crore and
in Max Life it is Rs 1242 crore,
but the highest amount  The
ICC has paid the claim to the people here.
Apart from this,
if you buy online under the IC Potential plan,
you get a discount of 10% on the first year premium
and then from the second year onwards, as
long as you have the coverage,
you will get a discount of 5%.
In ADAC, there is no initial 10% discount, there is
only a discount of 5%.
In MAPS Lux, there is 12% for the first year
and for the rest of the life time, there is a
discount of 1%. So, it is a good
thing that at least on the premium, you get a
discount of 5% for life time. The
rest of the
premium options under this are regular pay, that is,
you have to pay the premium as long as you cover yourself. Every year, a
limited pay option is also given here,
but I would highly recommend that if you are
taking a term plan, then always
take regular pay. There is no need to pay early
because this is not an investment,
you simply  If you are buying insurance for yourself,
always make regular payments instead of limited pay. And
whatever money you have left in excess,
you can definitely invest it in mutual funds or stock
market.
You get to see similar return and premium plans in all three, but
I never recommend this. You should always take a
pure term plan.
Apart from this, if you look inside these plans,
as I told you, ICICI
offers Preslower add-on, whereas this
thing is not there in ADAC. You will have to take paid one.
You will definitely get this thing in MAF SLAX.
Apart from this, Guys Early
Payout, which is a terminal illness add-on, is
also available for free in this, which
mostly all the insurance companies
provide you. Terminal illness means
that the doctor writes to you that
brother, you have so many days left, then at
that time the insurance company, instead of death, ultimately
pays out the money to your family.
Apart from this, brother, if you
also cover your wife in these plans  If you want to do this, that is,
if your family should get money on the death of your wife, then
you
can cover your spouse also here
under the same plan, but definitely their
premium will be extra here, so there will
be an additional premium and charge if you
take a plan from any company. Apart from this,
if we talk about the background of IIC potential back company, then
you will get to see a good solvency ratio, the
grievance resolution percentage is also quite good,
but definitely
if you look at the complaints per 10,000, then IIC has the
highest here, in other branches also you will get to see the
ICC potential here in most of the cities,
along with this,
if I look at the I potential
still, whether I
talk about the claim settlement ratio or the death
claim rate, IIC
is at the forefront here compared to the Tata and the
market, so see, if I talk overall,
if you have an early age  Meaning
you are not married etc. and
obviously the premium here will also be less,
so I would highly recommend you that
you should take a zero cost term plan, no matter
which company you are taking it from,
your coverage should be at least 65 plus
or till 70,
your premium will not be that high
because right now you are young, so the
premium is yours because what happens in the term plan is that
once the premium is fixed,
it will always remain fixed for the entire year and for the entire life, there will be no
ups and downs etc. in it, so
by increasing your cover here you can check
how much premium I have to pay here under the zero cost term plan,
along with this,
I told two good things under ICC
that here you will get waiver of premium
free of the cost,
you do not need to pay any extra charge here
and you also get 100% payout on
terminalness, the
rest of the paid add ons  It basically
depends on whether it is your requirement
or not, for example, suppose
you need more money for accidental death, apart from 1 crore, then
for that
you will have to pay an additional premium of ₹ 6600.
Then
if you want cover against critical illness, you will have to
pay more money. So, if I
talk overall, if you
want to take a term plan from a big brand, in
which IIC obviously considers things like the
claim settlement ratio is also quite good,
it has paid a very good amount of claim money,
brother,
it also claims a 24-hour claim settlement ratio,
so definitely IIC, ADFC,
Max Life, out of these three, you can
consider any one here.
Otherwise, the age of the low cost term
plan in TA is quite high, due to which
I would like to ignore it here. So
guys, if you like this video,
please subscribe to the channel.  If you have
any doubts, please tell us in the comment box
and I have given you the links of all these comparisons
in the description box.
Thank you guy, thank you very much.